Introduction to Angular
=======================

MV-star
-------
Angular is a JavaScript library. It is a MV-star framework. Angular isn't just a
framework, it is opinionated framework. Opinionated software solves problems with less
fuss. It guides you into a vision. DOM manipulation can happen both in Angular
Directives or other scripts. Angular has an opinion in modifying aspects of your
DOM in certain way. In many ways, Angular will not tie you down to one
implementation but will most certainly encourage a certain architectural
solution.

Open-Source
-----------
Angular is owned and maintained by Google. A team of developers dedicated to
maintaining Angular. In addition to Google, Angular is open-sourced and thus
available for everyone to contribute to.

Comprehensive
-------------
By implementing two-way-binding, Angular offers us the ability to handle AJAX
information that is stored in plain JavaScript objects. Angular allows us to
show it by modifying the html DOM that already exists. The models can persist
and maintain the data. We can keep all our data in sync. 

Angular handles routing or page request. That is, change the view based on user
request.

Testable
--------
Angular was built from the ground up with testing in mind. A lot of the
built-in objects have special version that make testing easier. Angular has full
end-to-end testing as well as UI testing. A popular testing tool for Angular and JavaScript is
[Karma](http://karma-runner.github.io/0.12/index.html).

Extends HTML Vocabulary
-----------------------
Angular provides its own elements and properties. It allows you to teach your
HTML new tricks. 

```html
<input type="text" name="" id="username" focus />                                                     
<multiStateButton id="button1" />                                                                     
<userTile id="userTile1" user="curentUser" /> 
```
Angular knows how to interpret these custom directives for your browsers
benefit.

Think how this keeps your view logic where it should be, in the view.

Forward Thinking
----------------
- Web Components: allow you to make truly encapsulating html, css, and JS
- Object.observe: react to a change base on an object state.

Angular looks forward in what will be available by faster, lower level code.

AngularJS offers us an amazing amount of resource for us to learn from. We have
[Developer's Guide](https://docs.angularjs.org/guide) and [API Reference](https://docs.angularjs.org/api).
